Added support for requests that contain an ETA datetime in the future (#59)
clokep/celery-batches: docs/index.rst

        from celery import current_app
        current_app.backend.mark_as_done(request.id, response, request=request)

.. note::

>     The use of ``current_app.backend.mark_as_retry()`` and ``current_app.backend.mark_as_failure()`` are not currently supported.

Reviewer: `mark_as_failure` is used in the unit test, but is mentioned here as not supported -- can you elaborate on what this means then?

Author: You're right, I think I had left `mark_as_failure()` in there during testing. It can be removed, and the new unit tests still pass, so I'll remove it.

Reviewer: I think this comment is still outstanding?

Author: Addressed in this commit: https://github.com/clokep/celery-batches/pull/59/commits/08a7a1bad637fb3e0b62386cdc3a7a7c7f7ee0b3

        from celery import current_app
        current_app.backend.mark_as_done(request.id, response, request=request)

> .. note::
> 
>     In order to retry a failed task, the task must be re-executed with a matching ``task_id``,
>     as shown below::
> 
>         @app.task(base=Batches, flush_every=100, flush_interval=10)
>         def wot_api(requests):
>             # Do things that might fail
>             # responses = [...]
> 
>             for response, request in zip(reponses, requests):
>                 if response is True:
>                     app.backend.mark_as_done(request.id, response, request=request)
>                 else:
>                     # Retry the task with the same arguments and task_id, 10 seconds from now
>                     wot_api.apply_async(
>                         args=request.args,
>                         kwargs=request.kwargs,
>                         countdown=10,
>                         task_id=request.id,
>                     )

Reviewer: This page changed quite a bit...

```suggestion
Retrying tasks
##############

In order to retry a failed task, the task must be re-executed with a matching ``task_id``,
as shown below:

.. code-block:: python

    @app.task(base=Batches, flush_every=100, flush_interval=10)
    def my_task(requests):
        for request in requests:
            # Do things which might fail.
            result = ...
            if not result:
                # Retry the task with the same arguments and task_id, 10 seconds from now.
                my_task.apply_async(
                    args=request.args,
                    kwargs=request.kwargs,
                    countdown=10,
                    task_id=request.id,
                )
```
